# Projet Java: Empire of Anno

This game demo is a project created during the first year of our Master's program by FOUCAULT Félix and BONNEFOUS Guilhem, both students at the Université de Bordeaux, France, during the academic year 2024-2025.

## Running the Project

To run the project, ensure you have Java (we used java 21.0.5 LTS), JavaFX (17.0.2 or more recent) and Maven installed.
If that doesn't work, feel free to contact us on Github!
You can then use the following command to clean and run the project:

```sh
mvn clean javafx:run
```

## Updating the Class Diagram

If you wish to update the class diagram, you can use the following command:

```sh
java -DPLANTUML_LIMIT_SIZE=12288 -jar plantuml.jar diagramme.txt
```

You will need the have Java and GraphViz installed.

## Project Status

Please note that this game is only a demo and may (or may not) be completed in the future.

## Image Credits

None of the images used in this project are our property. Here are the sources of the images:

win.png, lose.png, and ground.png: Found on Google Images.
worker.png, gold_mine.png, Gold.png, Food.png, Wood.png, and Stone.png: From the "Name your own price" assets project [Tiny Swords](https://pixelfrog-assets.itch.io/tiny-swords). Many thanks to the creator for these amazing assets!
Other images were generated by ChatGPT 4.0 using the Tiny Swords project as inspiration.

## Acknowledgements

We would like to thank the creators of the Tiny Swords project for their incredible assets, which greatly enhanced the visual appeal of our game demo.
We would also like to thank the developers of the great game Anno 1800, which inspired us a lot in the development of this demo.
